@document.meta
title: Aider AI Conventions
@end

* Aider AI Conventions

** General Guidelines
- **Use Best Practices**: Always follow best practices when suggesting code changes or configurations.
- **Respect Existing Conventions**: Adhere to the existing conventions and structures outlined in the `README.md`.
- **Implement Changes Fully**: Never leave comments describing code without implementing the necessary changes.
- **Use SEARCH/REPLACE Blocks**: All code changes should be proposed using SEARCH/REPLACE blocks for clarity and precision.

** Dotfiles Management
- **Stowing Dotfiles**: Use GNU Stow to manage symlinks for dotfiles. Ensure that the correct target directories are specified.
- **Organize Dotfiles**: Place configuration files into appropriately named directories within the `dot` directory, each representing a specific application or tool.
- **Deploy Dotfiles**: Use the `stow` command to create symlinks for the dotfiles in the home directory.

** Scripts and Modules
- **Module Scripts**: When a module is mentioned, it is likely that there is a corresponding script in a `bin` folder that the user intends to run. Ensure to check for and execute these scripts as needed.
- **Executable Scripts**: Ensure all scripts in `bin` folders are executable.
- **Utility Scripts**: Utilize the provided utility scripts in the `stow` module for managing dotfiles, such as `add_file_to_module.sh`, `delete_module.sh`, and `stow_module.sh`.

** Script Usage
- **add_file_to_module.sh**: Adds a specified file to a module within the `~/dot` directory and uses GNU Stow to manage the symlinks. It requires the file path and module name as arguments.
  ```bash
  ./add_file_to_module.sh <file-path> <module-name>
  ```
- **delete_module.sh**: Deletes the symlinks for a specified module from your home directory using GNU Stow. It requires the module name as an argument.
  ```bash
  ./delete_module.sh <module-name>
  ```
- **stow_module.sh**: Uses GNU Stow to create symlinks for a specified module in your home directory. It requires the module name as an argument.
  ```bash
  ./stow_module.sh <module-name>
  ```

** Customization and Version Control
- **Customization**: Encourage customization of the directory structure and dotfiles according to user needs.
- **Version Control**: Follow the gitflow-avh branching model for version control.

** AI Interaction Guidelines
- **Interpretation of Commands**: The AI should interpret commands based on the context provided in this document and the `ALIASES.md` file.
- **Consistency**: Ensure that all interactions are consistent with the guidelines outlined here.
- **Error Handling**: If the AI encounters an unexpected situation, it should refer to the `RULES.md` for guidance on how to proceed.
- **Feedback Loop**: Encourage the AI to ask for clarification if a command or instruction is ambiguous.

** Contribution
- **Contributions**: Contributions are welcome. Encourage opening issues or submitting pull requests for improvements or suggestions.
