# Project Name

## Introduction

This project is a configuration and script management system designed to streamline the setup and maintenance of a development environment. It includes various scripts and configuration files for managing system settings, development tools, and other utilities.

## Features

- **Configuration Management**: Uses `stow` to manage dotfiles and configurations.
- **Script Automation**: Includes scripts for installing and resetting configurations.
- **System Monitoring**: Provides scripts for monitoring system resources like CPU, memory, and disk usage.
- **Custom Keybindings**: Configures custom keybindings for the i3 window manager.
- **Weather and Network Monitoring**: Scripts for checking weather updates and network status.

## File Structure

This project is organized into modules, each representing a set of related configurations or scripts. These modules can be symlinked into a target directory for easy management.

- **ai/**: A module for AI assistance tools.
  - **dot-config/aider/aider.yml**: Configuration for AI assistance.

- **install/**: A module containing scripts for installation processes.
  - **bin/install/install_dotfyle.sh**: Script for downloading and installing the dotfyle CLI tool.

- **terminal/**: A module with configuration files and scripts for terminal settings.

- **i3/**: A module specifically for the i3 window manager configurations.
  - **dot-config/i3/**: Configuration files and scripts for the i3 window manager.

- **stow/**: A module with scripts for managing stow modules.
  - **bin/stow/**: Contains scripts for adding, deleting, and managing stow modules.

- **test/**: A module containing test files for verifying configurations and scripts.
  - **testfile**: A test file for configuration verification.
  - **testfile2**: Another test file for configuration verification.
  - **testfolder/**: A directory containing additional test files.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run the installation script: `install/bin/install/install_dotfyle.sh`.
3. Use the stow scripts to manage your configurations.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
