@document.meta
title: Project Rules
@end

* Project Rules
** Syntax Rules
   $ number
   The rule number for easy reference.

   $ letter
   The rule letter for easy reference.

   $ title
   A brief title summarizing the rule.

   $ description
   A detailed description of the rule.

   $ example
   A detailed example of the rule.

** A rule follows the following syntax:
   {$ number}. **{$ title}**: {$ description}
   {$ letter}) {$ example}

* Rules
  ~ **Rules Should Always Be Followed**: All rules outlined in this document are mandatory and must be adhered to at all times.
  ~ **Rules Should Be Numbered**: Each rule must be clearly numbered for easy reference and organization.
  ~ **Prompt Focus**: When the user starts the prompt with a filename, that file is the focus of the prompt. Any actions or questions should be directed towards that file unless otherwise specified.
  ~ **Filename Only Prompt**: When the prompt is only a filename without the file extension, respond with a clear and concise overview of the file, formatted as a numbered list to facilitate user response.
  ~ **Filename and Number Prompt**: If the prompt is in the format [filename] [number], the user is referring to a specific part of an ordered list within that file.
  ~~ "RULES.md 5" would reference **Filename and Number Prompt**.
  ~~ "RULES.md 5.a" would reference this line.
     {* Rules}
** Examples
   $ RULES.md 5
   [This bullet point references the rule about filename and number prompts, indicating that the user is referring to a specific part of an ordered list within the `RULES.md` file.]
